Enhance SDK to get the dehydrated device data (#1064)
matrix-org/matrix-ios-sdk: CHANGES.rst

🙌 Improvements
 * Create secret storage with a given private key (vector-im/element-ios/issues/4189).

>  * Enhance SDK to get the dehydrated device data (vector-im/element-ios/issues/4194).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * MXRestClient: Add the dehydratedDevice() method to get the dehydrated device data (vector-im/element-ios/issues/4194).
```
